1.
A SysOps Administrator is notified that a security vulnerability affects a version of MySQL that is being used with Amazon RDS MySQL
Who is responsible for ensuring that the patch is applied to the MySQL cluster?
A.	The database vendor
B.	The Security department of the SysOps Administrator's company
C.	AWS
D.	The SysOps Administrator
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/?nc1=h_ls
2.
A SysOps Administrator must automate the tagging of new Amazon EC2 instances deployed in a company's AWS account with a set of known tag key-value pairs.
Which solution will accomplish this?
A.	Enable AWS Config and use it to automatically apply tags to newly launched EC2 instances using the Required-Tag managed rule.
B.	Set up an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to alert on untagged EC2 instances and create an Amazon SNS topic and add it to the alarm. Then write an AWS Lambda function to handle the tagging, and subscribe it to the topic
C.	Create an IAM policy that leverages the aws: RequestTag context key to apply the tags to the ec2: RunInstances action.
D.	Configure an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule to be triggered on instance state changes that will execute an AWS Lambda function to tag the instances
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-tag-ec2-instances-ebs-volumes-on-creation/
3.
An e-commerce company wants to lower costs on its nightly jobs that aggregate the current day's sales and store the results in Amazon S3. The jobs are currently run using multiple on demand instances and the jobs take just under 2 hours to complete If a job fails for any reason, it needs to be restarted from the beginning
What method is the MOST cost effective based on these requirements?
A.	Use a mixture of On-Demand and Spot Instances for job execution,
B.	Submit a request for a Spot block to be used for job execution
C.	Purchase Reserved Instances to be used for job execution
D.	Submit a request for a one-time Spot Instance for job execution
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/04/introducing-amazon-ec2-fleet/
4.
A company's Auditor implemented a compliance requirement that all Amazon S3 buckets must have logging enabled
How should the SysOps Administrator ensure this compliance requirement is met, while still permitting Developers to create and use new S3 buckets?
A.	Add AWS Cloud Trail logging for the S3 buckets
B.	Implement IAM policies to allow only the Storage team to create S3 buckets.
C.	Add the AWS Config managed rule S3_BUCKET LOGGING_ENABLED.
D.	Create an AWS Lambda function to delete the S3 buckets if logging is not turned on.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/s3-bucket-logging-enabled.html
5.
A company runs a web application that users access using the domain name www.example.com. The company manages the domain name using Amazon Route 53. The company created an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the application and would like www.example.com to access the application through CloudFront
What is the MOST cost-effective way to achieve this?
A.	Create a CNAME record in Amazon Route 53 that points to the CloudFront distribution URL
B.	Create an ALIAS record in Amazon Route 53 that points to the CloudFront distribution URL
C.	Create an A record in Amazon Route 53 that points to the public IP address of the web application
D.	Create a PTR record in Amazon Route 53 that points to the public IP address of the web application
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-to-cloudfront-distribution.html
6.
Company A purchases Company B and inherits three new AWS accounts. Company A would like to centralize billing and Reserved Instance benefits but wants to keep all other resources separate
How can this be accomplished? 
A.	Implement AWS Organizations and create a service control policy that defines the billing relationship with the new master account
B.	Configure AWS Organizations Consolidated Billing and provide the finance team with IAM access to the billing console
C.	Send Cost and Usage Reports files to a central Amazon S3 bucket and load the data into Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon QuickSight to provide visualizations to the finance team
D.	Link the Reserved Instances to the master payer account and use Amazon Redshift Spectrum to query Detailed Billing Report data across all accounts
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-ri-consolidated-billing/
7.
A SysOps Administrator has been tasked with deploying a company's infrastructure as code. The Administrator wants to write a single template that can be reused for multiple environments in a safe, repeatable manner
What is the recommended way to use AWS CloudFormation to meet this requirement?
A.	Use parameters to provision the resources
B.	Use nested stacks to provision the resources
C.	Use Amazon EC2 user data to provision the resources
D.	Use stack policies to provision the resources
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html
8.
A company creates custom AMI images by launching new Amazon EC2 instances from an AWS CloudFormation template. It installs and configures necessary software through AWS OpsWorks, and takes images of each EC2 instance. The process of installing and configuring software can take between 2 to 3 hours, but at times the process stalls due to installation errors.
The SysOps Administrator must modify the CloudFormation template so if the process stalls, the entire stack will fail and roll back
Based on these requirements, what should be added to the template?
A.	Conditions with a timeout set to 4 hours
B.	CreationPolicy with a timeout set to 4 hours.
C.	Dependson with a timeout set to 4 hours.
D.	Metadata with a timeout set to 4 hours
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-creationpolicy.html
9.
A SysOps Administrator noticed that the cache hit ratio for an Amazon CloudFront distribution is less than 10%
Which collection of configuration changes will increase the cache hit ratio for the distribution? (Select TWO.).
A.	Ensure that only required cookies, query strings, and headers are forwarded in the Cache Behavior Settings.
B.	Change the Viewer Protocol Policy to use HTTPS only
C.	Configure the distribution to use presigned cookies and URLs to restrict access to the distribution
D.	Enable automatic compression of objects in the Cache Behavior Settings.
E.	Increase the CloudFront time to live (TTL) settings in the Cache Behavior Settings (It’s max-age, not ttl)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/cache-hit-ratio.html
I would go for A and E then…..
10.
An AWS CodePipeline in us-east 1 retums "InternalError with the code "JobFailed" when launching a deployment using an artifact from an Amazon S3 bucket in us-west-1
What is causing this error?
A.	S3 Transfer Acceleration is not enabled
B.	The S3 bucket is not in the appropriate region
C.	The S3 bucket is being throttled.
D.	There are insufficient permissions on the artifact in Amazon S3
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/troubleshooting.html#troubleshooting-reg-1
11.
A company has centralized all its logs into one Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. The SysOps Administrator is to alert different teams of any issues relevant to them
What is the MOST efficient approach to accomplish this?
A.	Write an AWS Lambda function that will query the logs every minute and contain the logic of which team to notify on which patterns and issues.
B.	Set up different metric filters for each team based on patterns and alerts Each alarm will notify the appropriate notification
C.	Redesign the aggregation of logs so that each team's relevant parts are sent to a separate log group, then subscribe each team to its respective log group.
D.	Create an AWS Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances that will scale based on the amount of ingested log entries. This group will pull log streams, look for patterns, and send notifications to relevant teams.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/Working-with-log-groups-and-streams.html
12.
A local agency plans to deploy 500 Raspberry Pi devices throughout a city. All the devices need to be managed centrally, and their configurations need to be consistent
What is the BEST service for managing these devices?
A.	AWS Config
B.	AWS Systems Manager
C.	Amazon Inspector
D.	AWS Service Catalog
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/managed_instances.html
13.
A VPC is connected to a company data center by a VPN. An Amazon EC2 instance with the IP address 172 31 16.139 is within a private subnet of the VPC. A SysOps Administrator issued a ping command to the EC2 instance from an on-premises computer with the IP address 203.0.113.12 and did not receive an acknowledgment. VPC Flow Logs were enabled and showed the following
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 203.0.113.12 172.31.16.139 001 4 336 1432917027 1432917142 ACCEPT OK
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 172.31.16.139 203.0.113.12 0 0 1 4 336 1432917094 1432917142 REJECT OK
What action will resolve the issue?
A.	Modify the EC2 security group rules to allow inbound traffic from the on-premises computer.
B.	Modify the EC2 security group rules to allow outbound traffic to the on-premises computer.
C.	Modify the VPC network ACL rules to allow inbound traffic from the on-premises computer
D.	Modify the VPC network ACL rules to allow outbound traffic to the on-premises computer.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs.html

14.
A SysOps Administrator implemented the following bucket policy to allow only the corporate IP address range of 54.240.143.0/24 to access objects in an Amazon S3 bucket













Some employees are reporting that they are able to access the S3 bucket from IP addresses outside the corporate IP address range
How can the Administrator address this issue?
A.	Modify the condition operator to include both Not IpAddress and IpAddress to prevent unauthorized access to the S3 bucket
B.	Modify the condition element from the IAM policy to aws: StringEquals instead of aws: Source Ip.
C.	Modify the IAM policy instead of the bucket policy to restrict users from accessing the bucket based on their source IP addresses
D.	Change Effect from Allow to Deny in the second statement of the policy to deny requests not from the source IP
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/example-bucket-policies.html

15.
A web application accepts orders from online users and places the orders into an Amazon SQS queue. Amazon EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group read the messages from the queue, process the orders, and email order confirmations to the users. The Auto Scaling group scales up and down based on the queue depth. At the beginning of each business day, users report confirmation emails are delayed
What action will address this issue?
A.	Create a scheduled scaling action to scale up in anticipation of the traffic
B.	Change the Auto Scaling group to scale up and down based on CPU utilization
C.	Change the launch configuration to launch larger EC2 instance types
D.	Modify the scaling policy to deploy more EC2 instances when scaling up
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/schedule_time.html
16.
A SysOps Administrator must use a bastion host to administer a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. Al access to the bastion host is managed by the Security team.
What is the MOST secure way for the Security team to provide the SysOps Administrator access to the bastion host?
A.	Assign the same IAM role to the Administrator that is assigned to the bastion host
B.	Provide the Administrator with the SSH key that was used for the bastion host when it was originally launched
C.	Create a new IAM role with the same permissions as the Security team, and assign it to the Administrator
D.	Create a new administrative account on the bastion host, and provide those credentials to the Administrator using AWS Secrets Manager
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/securely-connect-to-linux-instances-running-in-a-private-amazon-vpc/
17.
A company's Auditor implemented a compliance requirement that all Amazon S3 buckets must have logging enabled.
How should the SysOps Administrator ensure this compliance requirement is met, while still permitting Developers to create and use new S3 buckets?
A.	Add AWS CloudTrail logging for the S3 buckets
B.	Implement IAM policies to allow only the Storage team to create S3 buckets
C.	Add the AWS Config managed rule s3_BUCKET_LOGGING_ENABLED.
D.	Create an AWS Lambda function to delete the 53 buckets if logging is not turned on
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/s3-bucket-logging-enabled.html

18.
A company creates custom AMI images by launching new Amazon EC2 instances from an AWS CloudFormation template. It installs and configures necessary software through AWS OpsWorks and takes images of each EC2 instance. The process of installing and configuring software can take between 2 to 3 hours, but at times, the process stalls due to installation errors.
The SysOps Administrator must modify the CloudFormation template so if the process stalls, the entire stack will fail and roll back
Based on these requirements, what should be added to the template?
A.	Conditions with a timeout set to 4 hours
B.	CreationPolicy with a timeout set to 4 hours.
C.	Dependson with a timeout set to 4 hours.
D.	Metadata with a timeout set to 4 hours
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-creationpolicy.html
19.
An ecommerce company wants to lower costs on its nightly jobs that aggregate the current day's sales and store the results in Amazon S3 The jobs are currently run using multiple on-demand instances and the jobs take just under 2 hours to complete if a job fails for any reason, it needs to be restarted from the beginning
What method is the MOST cost effective based on these requirements?
A.	Use a mixture of On-Demand and Spot Instances for job execution
B.	Submit a request for a Spot block to be used for job execution
C.	Purchase Reserved Instances to be used for job execution
D.	Submit a request for a one-time Spot Instance for job execution
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/04/introducing-amazon-ec2-fleet/
20.
A company is storing monthly reports on Amazon S3. The company's security requirement states that traffic from the client VPC to Amazon S3 cannot traverse the internet.
What should the SysOps Administrator do to meet this requirement?
A.	Use AWS Direct Connect and a public virtual interface to connect to Amazon S3.
B.	Use a managed NAT gateway to connect to Amazon S3.
C.	Deploy a VPC endpoint to connect to Amazon S3
D.	Deploy an internet gateway to connect to Amazon S3
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-vpc-endpoint-for-amazon-s3/
21.
An Applications team has successfully deployed an AWS CloudFormation stack consisting of 30 t2.medium Amazon EC2 instances in the us-west-2 Region. When using the same template to launch a stack in us-east-2, the launch failed and rolled back after launching only 10 EC2 instances
What is a possible cause of this failure?
A.	The IAM user did not have privileges to launch the CloudFormation template
B.	The t2. medium EC2 instance service limit was reached.
C.	An AWS Budgets threshold was breached.
D.	The application's Amazon Machine Image (AMI) is not available in us-east-2.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html
22.
A SysOps Administrator notices a scale-up event for an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group. Amazon CloudWatch shows a spike in the RequestCount metric for the associated Application Load Balancer. The Administrator would like to know the IP addresses for the source of the requests
Where can the Administrator find this information?
A.	Elastic Load Balancer access logs
B.	AWS Cloud Trail logs
C.	Auto Scaling logs
D.	EC2 instance logs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html
23.
A SysOps Administrator must use a bastion host to administer a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. All access to the bastion host is managed by the Security team.
What is the MOST secure way for the Security team to provide the SysOps Administrator access to the bastion host?
A.	Assign the same IAM role to the Administrator that is assigned to the bastion host
B.	Provide the Administrator with the SSH key that was used for the bastion host when it was originally launched
C.	Create a new IAM role with the same permissions as the Security team and assign it to the Administrator
D.	Create a new administrative account on the bastion host and provide those credentials to the Administrator using AWS Secrets Manager
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/securely-connect-to-linux-instances-running-in-a-private-amazon-vpc/

24.
A gaming application is deployed on four Amazon EC2 instances in a default VPC. The SysOps Administrator has noticed consistently high latency in responses as data is transferred among the four instances. There is no way for the Administrator to alter the application code
The MOST effective way to reduce latency is to relaunch the EC2 instances in
A.	a dedicated VPC
B.	a single subnet inside the VPC
C.	a placement group
D.	single Availability Zone
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html
25.
A web application accepts orders from online users and places the orders into an Amazon SQS queue Amazon EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group read the messages from the queue, process the orders, and email order confirmations to the users The Auto Scaling group scales up and down based on the queue depth. At the beginning of each business day, users report confirmation emails are delayed.
What action will address this issue?
A.	Create a scheduled scaling action to scale up in anticipation of the traffic.
B.	Change the Auto Scaling group to scale up and down based on CPU utilization,
C.	Change the launch configuration to launch larger EC2 instance types
D.	Modify the scaling policy to deploy more EC2 instances when scaling up
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/schedule_time.html
26.
A VPC is connected to a company data center by a VPN. An Amazon EC2 instance with the IP address 172.31.16.139 is within a private subnet of the VPC. A SysOps Administrator issued a ping command to the EC2 instance from an on-premises computer with the IP address 203.0.113.12 and did not receive an acknowledgment. VPC Flow Logs were enabled and showed the following
2 123456789010 eni-1235b8ca 203.0.113.12 172.31.16.139 0 0 1 4 336 1432917027 1432917142 ACCEPT OK 
2 123456789010 eni-1235bica 172.31.16.139 203.0.113.12 0 0 1 4 336 1432917094 1432917142 REJECT OK
What action will resolve the issue?
A.	Modify the EC2 security group rules to allow inbound traffic from the on premises computer
B.	Modify the EC2 security group rules to allow outbound traffic to the on-premises computer
C.	Modify the VPC network ACL rules to allow inbound traffic from the on premises computer
D.	Modify the VPC network ACL rules to allow outbound traffic to the on-premises computer
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs.html

27.
A SysOps Administrator is required to monitor free space on Amazon EBS volumes attached to Microsoft Windows-based Amazon EC2 instances within a company's account. The Administrator must be alerted to potential issues
What should the Administrator do to receive email alerts before low storage space affects EC2 instance performance?
A.	Use built-in Amazon CloudWatch metrics, and configure CloudWatch alarms and an Amazon SNS topic for email notifications
B.	Use AWS CloudTrail logs and configure the trail to send notifications to an Amazon SNS topic
C.	Use the Amazon CloudWatch agent to send disk space metrics, then set up CloudWatch alarms using an Amazon SNS topic
D.	Use AWS Trusted Advisor and enable email notification alerts for E02 disk space
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/mon-scripts.html
28.
A company's web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances run in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Data is stored in an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster and an Amazon RDS DB instance. Company policy requires all system patching to take place at midnight on Tuesday
Which resources will need to have a maintenance window configured for midnight on Tuesday? (Select TWO.)
A.	Elastic Load Balancer
B.	EC2 instances
C.	RDS instance
D.	ElastiCache cluster
E.	Auto Scaling group
https://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/elasticache-maintenance/
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/rds-redshift-maintenance-window/

29.
A SysOps Administrator must secure AWS CloudTrail logs. The Security team is concerned that an employee may modify or attempt to delete CloudTrail log files from its Amazon S3 bucket.
Which practices will ensure that the log files are available and unaltered? (Select TWO.)
A.	Enable the CloudTrail log file integrity check in AWS Config Rules.
B.	Use CloudWatch Events to scan log files hourly
C.	Enable CloudTrail log file integrity validation
D.	Turn on Amazon S3 MFA Delete for the CloudTrail bucket.
E.	Implement a DENY ALL bucket policy on the CloudTrail bucket
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/cloudtrail-log-file-validation-intro.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/securing-access-to-aws-using-mfa-part-3/
I think Versioning should be enabled as well to be even safer here.

30.
A company with dozens of AWS accounts wants to ensure that governance rules are being applied across all accounts. The CIO has recommended that AWS Config rules be deployed using an AWS CloudFormation template.
How should these requirements be met?
A.	Create a CloudFormation stack set, then select the CloudFormation template and use it to configure the AWS accounts
B.	Write a script that iterates over the company's AWS accounts and executes the CloudFormation template in each account
C.	Use AWS Organizations to execute the Cloud Formation template in all accounts.
D.	Create a CloudFormation stack in the master account of AWS Organizations and execute the CloudFormation template to create AWS Config rules in all accounts
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/07/aws-cloudformation-supports-multiple-account-and-region-provisioning-with-stackset/
31.
A SysOps Administrator must generate a report that provides a breakdown of all API activity by a specific user over the course of a year.
Given that AWS Cloud Trail was enabled, how can this report be generated?
A.	Using the AWS Management Console, search for the user name in the Cloud Trail history Then filter by API and download the report in CSV format
B.	Use the Cloud Trail digest flies stored in the company's Amazon S3 bucket Then send the logs to Amazon QuickSight to create the report
C.	Locate the monthly reports that Cloud Trail sends that are emailed to the accounts Tool user Then forward the reports to the auditor using a secure channel
D.	Access the Cloud Trail logs stored in the Amazon S3 bucket tied to Cloud Trail. Use Amazon Athena to extract the information needed to generate the report
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/cloudtrail-logs.html

32.
A SysOps Administrator has been tasked with deploying a company's infrastructure as code. The Administrator wants to write a single template that can be reused for multiple environments in a safe, repeatable manner.
What is the recommended way to use AWS CloudFormation to meet this requirement?
A.	Use parameters to provision the resources
B.	Use nested stacks to provision the resources
C.	Use Amazon EC2 user data to provision the resources
D.	Use stack policies to provision the resources.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html
33.
A company wants to increase the availability and durability of a critical business application. The application currently uses a MySQL database running on an Amazon EC2 instance. The company wants to minimize application changes
How should the company meet these requirements?
A.	Shut down the EC2 instance. Enable multi-AZ replication within the EC2 instance, then restart the instance
B.	Launch a secondary EC2 instance running MySQL. Configure a cron job that backs up the database on the primary EC2 instance and copies it to the secondary instance every 30 minutes.
C.	Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Aurora DB instance and create a Read Replica in another Availability Zone.
D.	Create an Amazon RDS Microsoft SQL DB instance and enable multi-AZ replication Back up the existing data and import it into the new database.
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/
34.
An AWS CodePipeline in us-east-1 returns "InternalError” with the code "JobFailed" when launching a deployment using an artifact from an Amazon S3 bucket in us-west-1.
What is causing this error?
A.	S3 Transfer Acceleration is not enabled.
B.	The S3 bucket is not in the appropriate region.
C.	The S3 bucket is being throttled.
D.	There are insufficient permissions on the artifact in Amazon S3
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/troubleshooting.html#troubleshooting-reg-1

